Major Editorial Update (#826)
ethereum-oasis-op/baseline: community/open-source-community.md

---
description: >-
  The Baseline community is governed as an open source community
  project
---

# Open Source Community

The number of active companies and individuals contributing to the work and using it in products and enterprise solutions is rapidly growing.&#x20;

Our open source team members are the drivers of the development and adoption of Baseline and its Protocol. The work is active and always open to new members.

### **Resources**

> Anyone can become a member or learn more about Baseline through the following resources

Author: done

> Anyone can become a member or learn more about Baseline through the following resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following resources provide more information about becoming a member:
```
Possible rephrase.

> * ****[**Get Involved**](https://www.baseline-protocol.org/get-involved/)**-** sign up and get involved in our open source teams&#x20;

Reviewer: remove unicode-encoded whitespace

```suggestion
* ****[**Get Involved**](https://www.baseline-protocol.org/get-involved/)**-** sign up and get involved in our open source teams
```

>
> ### Outreach Team
>
> Outreach members communicate, advocate, and educate the world on the advantages of using and contributing to the protocol. Several working groups create enablement materials, devise industry-specific use cases, and document the significant work being done in the community. The Outreach Team is currently looking for members.
>
> ### Standards Team
>
> Members of the standards team work to define and contribute to the specifications of baseline compliance. The [Standards](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis-op/baseline-standard) are currently in the ratification process to become an official [Oasis Standard](https://www.oasis-open.org). The Standards Team has paused its work.

## Onboarding  <a href="#onboarding-help-getting-started" id="onboarding-help-getting-started"></a>

Resources are constantly being developed in the community for the effective onboarding of new community members, start by **reviewing the** [**resources**](open-source-community.md#resources) **across the docs here,** [**website**](../docs/baseline-protocol/the-baseline-protocol.md)**, or** [**repository**](https://github.com/orgs/ethereum-oasis-op/repositories)**.**

> Let the community know if there are any gaps you're finding the materials, as we are constantly working to develop valuable tools for implementing, explaining, or evangelizing Baseline.&#x20;

Reviewer: Remove redundant space character

```suggestion
Let the community know if there are any gaps you're finding the materials, as we are constantly working to develop valuable tools for implementing, explaining, or evangelizing Baseline.
```

#### The Baseline Show <a href="#specifications-steering-committee" id="specifications-steering-committee"></a>

The Baseline Protocol community used to host a weekly[ Baseline Show through Youtube](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxmhMSa49Q1CVwTdcUNeoqoME6GRwtSTA) with various community updates, live demos, guest speakers, themed discussions, and impromptu office hours. Anyone could join the live Zoom call by **emailing baseline-team@oasis-open.org** to be added to the invite.

> The Baseline Show is currently paused as the community regroups and refocuses.&#x20;

Reviewer: remove space character

```suggestion
The Baseline Show is currently paused as the community regroups and refocuses.
```

#### General Assembly <a href="#specifications-steering-committee" id="specifications-steering-committee"></a>

The General Assembly was a monthly (typically the first Wednesday) community wide meeting to discuss updates from across the community or adjacent projects. The General Assembly was streamed to the weekly[ **Baseline Show through YouTube**](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxmhMSa49Q1BTD\_-KrpuLIe8P2J1UR19W) and anyone could join the live Zoom call by **emailing baseline-team@oasis-open.org** to be added to the invite.

> The General Assembly is currently paused as the community regroups and refocuses.&#x20;

Reviewer: Remove space character

```suggestion
The General Assembly is currently paused as the community regroups and refocuses.
```

#### Technical Steering Committee <a href="#technical-steering-committee" id="technical-steering-committee"></a>

The [**TSC**](community-leaders.md#your-technical-steering-committee) meets now ad-hoc to discuss open items, review grant work, assess the roadmap, and more. TSC meetings are private to the elected members for that term, although other members can request an invitation to discuss a specific matter by messaging one of the [**TSC Co-Chairs**](../docs/governance/technical-steering-committee.md) on [**Slack**](open-source-community.md#resources).

## Communications  <a href="#communications-connecting-with-each-other-directly" id="communications-connecting-with-each-other-directly"></a>

#### [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/ethereum-baseline/shared\_invite/zt-d6emqeci-bjzBsXBqK4D7tBTZ40AEfQ)  <a href="#slack-discourse-telegram" id="slack-discourse-telegram"></a>

> The Baseline Slack channel is the primary communication method for community members, and is moderated by community leaders and managers. The Slack is quite active with ways to get involved, updates, engaging discussions, and questions. Everyone is encouraged to [**join the Slack**](https://join.slack.com/t/ethereum-baseline/shared\_invite/zt-d6emqeci-bjzBsXBqK4D7tBTZ40AEfQ) **** and various channels.&#x20;

Reviewer: Remove space character

```suggestion
The Baseline Slack channel is the primary communication method for community members, and is moderated by community leaders and managers. The Slack is quite active with ways to get involved, updates, engaging discussions, and questions. Everyone is encouraged to [**join the Slack**](https://join.slack.com/t/ethereum-baseline/shared\_invite/zt-d6emqeci-bjzBsXBqK4D7tBTZ40AEfQ) **** and various channels.
```
